https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-14961 (#7240)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/release_notes/mce_known_issues.adoc

You can specify a custom ingress domain by using the `ClusterDeployment` resource while installing a managed cluster, but the change is only applied after the installation by using the `SyncSet` resource. As a result, the `spec` field in the `clusterdeployment.yaml` file displays the custom ingress domain you specified, but the `status` still displays the default domain.

[#managedclusteraddon-status-stuck]
=== `ManagedClusterAddon` status becomes stuck

If you define configurations in the `ManagedClusterAddon` to override some configurations in the `ClusterManagementAddon`, the `ManagedClusterAddon` might become stuck at the following status:

[source,bash]
----
progressing... mca and work configs mismatch
----

> When you check the `ManagedClusterAddon` status, part of the configurations have an empty `spec` hash, even if the configurations exist. See the following example:

Reviewer: if "have" is the verb for the subject, "part" then I believe it should be "has" and maybe adding "a" before part would help since it's singular. 

```suggestion
When you check the `ManagedClusterAddon` status, a part of the configurations has an empty `spec` hash, even if the configurations exist. See the following example:
```
